hey people john here from fast films and
today we're going through a 2009 horror
movie called the descent part two the
movie starts with ed oswald driving down
a road in his truck
the radio gets stuck and ed gets
distracted trying to fix it he bashes on
it and almost hits a deer he hits the
brakes just in time and the deer walks
away
right at that moment a girl with blood
all over her body startles him by
banging on his car window
in the next scene a news reporter is
reporting the news of the disappearance
of juno kaplan and her friends in an
underground cave system
juno is the niece of a senator the
reporter rushes over to a rescue team
that came out of the cave she makes one
of the rescuers called greg angry by
asking him ridiculous questions
greg's fellow rescuers cath and dan pull
him away sheriff baines is at the spot
and gets the call that they found one of
the friends called sarah he rushes to
the hospital with officer ellen rios and
the doctor updates them on her condition
the sheriff gets mad at the doctor for
sedating the only girl who knows what
happened
the doctor tells them that she only has
minor bruises and the blood of four
other girls on her body
when she wakes up the officer goes to
question her the officers introduce
themselves officer ellen reminds her
that she and her friends went on a cave
expedition and got lost
she tells them that people are out
looking for all of them and she asks if
she remembers what happened in the caves
sarah doesn't remember anything she
recognizes beth when ellen shows her a
picture but has lost some of her
memories and even forgets that her
daughter is dead the officers leave the
room since she is unable to ask any
questions
at the river the officers are using one
of the police dogs to help find the
group
they find an old chapel at the riverbank
and send the dog to find them
the dog runs out scared of the place
after a while at the hospital the doctor
tells them that they found a lot of a
positive blood on sarah even though she
isn't a positive and veins starts to
suspect her the sheriff calls dan and
tells him they found one of the girls
and that she is covered in the other
girl's blood he instructs him to come to
the chapel with the other two rescuers
kath and greg
meanwhile vane tells ellen to prepare
sarah to go with them as well
ellen says that she isn't well but
officer vane doesn't listen and they
make sarah get dressed and drive with
her to the chapel everyone reaches the
chapel they find a giant endless pit in
the ground in the center of the chapel
ed tells them about the old unmapped
cave system under them he recalls that
grandfather found it under there he
tells them that his grandfather went
down there to find something and never
came back greg throws a glow stick in
the cave and it never hits the ground
the rescuers decided to go down the cave
with sarah and the two officers
in the car ellen calls her kid at home
veins tells ellen to bring sarah and
prepare to go into the cave ellen asks
her to help find her friends and they
start to prepare
vaynes refuses to leave his gun behind
they all get dressed in appropriate gear
and prepare to descend into the cave
they get in a lift that takes them down
ed wing said ellen as they descend they
all look at each other nervously as the
lift goes down
it starts to shake and make noise which
scares them they finally reach the
bottom and get out they see an old cave
with a cart track dan gives sarah some
water and veins rushes them along they
start making their way through the caves
dan hands them a flashlight and they
start to climb down a lower level with a
ladder after a climb down dan announces
that they'll reach a cave system soon
greg says that he found it they all
approach a sign saying danger keep out
they break it and head inside they are
impressed by the channels and the caves
ellen asks sarah if she recognizes
anything she starts to look around and
gets startled she thinks something is
moving and gets scared but it's just
some calcium deposits
they ask sarah which direction to go but
she has no ideas
kath goes to a section of the cave and
finds one of the girls butchered body
the mouth of the body moves and a rat
crawls out of it
cat throws up and veins instructs ellen
to keep an eye on sarah because she is
now a suspect
they cover up the dead body and move
along the channels dan is the last one
to leave the body they crawl in the tiny
spaces and help each other move along
sarah has a vision and hits everyone who
is in her way
greg and veins get hit and sarah runs
away they go after her in the meantime
sarah is climbing in the cave and veins
is following her with an infrared camera
she turns off her flashlight vaynes
looks for her in the camera as he pulls
out his gun
a crawler suddenly starts screaming in
his face and causes veins to fire his
gun on accident rocks and rubble start
to fall on the group blocking the
entrance
when it stops kath gets up and is stuck
in between some boulders
dan talks to her on a walkie talkie and
assures her of help he tries to remove
the boulders himself but fails he gets
frustrated and ellen calms him down dan
tells kat that they can't do anything to
help her right now
he promises to get help soon and greg
also tells her to hold on as they walk
away to find the veins
kat says that she will be all right and
starts crying when they leave a bit
further along veins finds his gun on the
ground
in the meantime sarah is drinking water
from the underground channel cath feels
the boulders moving above her she senses
someone running around her gray dan and
ellen reach a larger part of the cave
and light up a flare
greg finds a video camera it belongs to
juno and has her group's videos on it
juno and her friends are getting ready
for their expedition they reach the
caves and the video cuts to some time
later the group is terrified and being
hunted by crawlers greg looks up to the
camera and they come face to face with a
crawler
sarah is also there hiding behind a rock
they all run and dan turns on his night
vision camera ellen yells for band but
sarah puts her hand on her mouth as
danielle's a crawler creeps up to dan he
bites his fingers off and then takes a
chunk of his neck killing him
he drags him away ellen sits in shock
and asks what that was sarah tells her
that it's just her mind playing tricks
on her
kath is still stuck under the boulders
she hears someone and calls for dan but
it's a crawler it tries to grab her and
starts digging under her kath crushes
its head with a boulder ellen apologizes
to sarah for not believing her sarah
tells her that the crawlers are blind
and can only hear sounds
they keep moving forward cat gets out
and reunites with greg they hear a
crawler and run veins is all alone and
looking around with his torch meanwhile
kath and greg are trying to find the
others they encounter a crawler and
climb up on the wall they try to not
make any sound but vayne starts talking
to them on greg's walkie talkie the
crawler hears them and runs after them
greg throws the walkie-talkie and they
climb up they hide behind a rock cath
tries to contact dan and greg tells her
that dan is dead she doesn't believe him
and he assures her of it she starts
crying and hitting him he promises not
to leave her alone again she replies
that she will kill him if he does they
hear the crawler and greg suggest that
they move along in a bigger part of the
cave they see a butchered body hanging
from the roof over a pit
they wonder how to cross it greg
suggests they jump across using the dead
body kath jumps and hangs from it greg
is about to follow but gets attacked by
a crawler he takes a chunk out of greg's
neck greg fights back and pulls out a
drill he puts the drill into the
crawler's head and kills him he jumps to
cath but falls into the darkness kath
makes it to the other side and calls for
greg the crawler hears her and attacks
her as well ultimately killing her ellen
is still following sarah she asks her
how to get out sarah tells her that a
flowing stream gives them a way out
they start going in the direction of the
flowing stream ellen gets lost for a
second and screams when sarah creeps up
behind her
they keep going but find the stream to
be a dead end they get out of the water
ellen removes her jacket and looks at a
photo of her son on her phone
she makes a video on her phone telling
her son that she loves him and wants him
to be a good person
she tells him that he is special and
tells him to take care
when she stops recording sarah assures
her that she'll get to say that to his
face as well
she agrees and sarah tells her to keep
moving meanwhile vaynes gets attacked by
a crawler he fights back but the crawler
is stronger he is about to lose the
fight when a girl shows up and viciously
attacks and kills the crawler
veins recognizes her as juno he tells
her that he is there to help her get out
and hands her a flashlight
she doesn't say anything and hesitantly
takes the flashlight sarah and ellen are
crawling upwards and trying to get out
of the caves
at one point sarah hears a noise and
stops it's a rat and she stands still as
she watches it crawl out she lets it
crawl past her but ellen screams a
crawler hears her and crawls after them
he comes face to face with sarah in the
narrow tunnel sarah lights a flare in
his face and both the girls jump into a
pit with muddy water
the crawler also jumps in and is ready
to attack sarah takes a belt out and
shoves ellen to the side when the
crawler tries to attack ellen sarah
pulls him back by putting a belt in his
mouth
she pulls out a knife and stabs him
repeatedly he falls in the water and
everything is quiet for a moment
the crawler suddenly leaps out of the
water and attacks ellen sarah takes her
bobby pin and stabs the crawler in the
neck
this kills him they are about to leave
but stand still as another crawler
appears on a cliff above them and
defecates into the pit they realize they
are in a pit of crawler excretions and
get out veins and juno also come across
a crawler but juno keeps veins quiet
till it moves along
he asks her what they are and she
answers that they are dead
ellen and sarah get out of the pit and
move to a stream
they sit there for a bit when ellen asks
how they found this place she answers
that juno brought them there she wanted
to discover and name this place after
sarah she wanted to do it because of the
guilt of cheating with sarah's husband
sarah tells ellen that she hurt juno to
get out because juno had left her friend
beth to die
after that they get up and start to move
along they look around in the dark with
their night vision camera she suddenly
comes face to face with juno and they
get into a physical fight juno
aldosterone kills sarah but ellen tells
her that they are here to save juno
juno almost stabs her but doesn't she
tells them that she thinks she knows
where the crawlers go and there is a way
out through the place that they feed in
ellen doesn't like the idea but veins
insists that juno knows the way
sarah asks why she hasn't left yet to
which juno angrily replies that she
didn't have a flashlight and that sarah
had stabbed her in the leg
sarah tries to go rogue but officer
vanes handcuffs her to himself to keep
her safe
they start moving along a channel and
try to stay as quiet as possible
they try to cross a dangerous ledge but
sarah almost slips and falls
rock falls and causes veins to hang from
the cliff it pulls on sarah's hand and
he yells for them to pull him up
juno insists they cut off vayne's hand
to save sarah ellen hesitates but cuts
his hand and he falls into a pit with
two crawlers
juno takes the severed hand out of the
handcuffs and they move along they move
to the feeding part of the crawler's
caves crawlers are eating human body
parts around them the girls try to be as
quiet as possible and keep moving
a couple of crawlers sent something and
growl but the girls manage to keep quiet
a barely alive greg grabs juno and she
screams a bunch of crawlers jump sarah
and juno they fight back and sarah
smashes the face of one of the crawlers
and is about to get away with ellen but
sees juno still stuck with one of them
she runs over to her and puts a chain in
the crawler's mouth to get him off her
the crawler slashes juno's neck with his
nails and she bleeds out while sarah
cries out
sarah gets livid and bites a chunk of
the crawler's neck after that she stabs
it to death she holds juno in her arms
juno apologizes and sarah forgives her
juno dies and sarah holds juno and puts
a carved knife in her hand while ellen
pleads for them to get out ellen turns
around to see dozens of crawlers they
are right up in her face sarah gets up
and screams as loud as she can all the
crawlers attack her this gives ellen a
chance to escape she climbs out of the
caves and reaches a forest she screams
and then tries to run she runs a bit
further from the cave opening and hides
behind a tree she takes her phone out to
call someone but ed suddenly appears
behind her and bashes her with a shovel
he drags her and leaves her at the cave
opening a crawler screams and leaps out
of the hole and the movie comes to an
end thanks for watching guys